Why is JIRA used?, Atlassian JIRA is basically an issue and project tracking tool which allows us to track any project related work by following a proper workflow.
Explain JIRA workflow?, The workflow here includes the creation of an issue, series of actions performed to fix the issue and the last step includes the closing or say completion of the issue after verification. 
Enlist the report types generated by JIRA?, Average Age Report, Created vs Resolved issue Report, Pie Chart Report, Control chart, Navigated to desired project dashboard, etc...
Explain the step by step procedure of how an issue is created in JIRA?, Log in to your JIRA account by using valid credentials and get directed to the dashboard. Click on ‘Create’ button displayed and you will be navigated to a window for creating an issue. Enter all the necessary details as required to create an issue.
Explain the three color indicators and their significance in JIRA ?, For any particular issue in JIRA, 3 colors like Blue, Green and Orange is used to denote the amount of time spent on any particular issue. Blue denote the ‘Original Estimate’, Orange determines the time left for resolving, Green defines the actual time that has been used.
For any particular issue in JIRA, what all are included under change history?, Creation and deletion of a comment. Creation and deletion of an issue link. Deletion of a worklog. File attachment changes. Issue field changes
Mention a way with which an issue can be shared with other users in JIRA ?, An issue can be shared with other users in JIRA by using the share option available on the issue description page.
What is the importance of labeling issue in JIRA?, Labeling an issue is basically done to categorize an issue within a particular section which in turn can be easily searched with the help of labels.
How is an issue linked in JIRA?, There are two fields available in JIRA: ‘Linked issues’ and ‘Issues’. Linked issue section contains the dropdown for the options to be selected as the reason for linking the issue.
What is the purpose of JIRA dashboard?, The first page which is displayed whenever we get logged in to JIRA application is ‘Dashboard’ which is basically the default or system dashboard.
What do you mean by Scheduling an issue in JIRA?, Scheduling the issue means scheduling the work of issue for a particular ‘due date’.
Explain how particular project details are listed in JIRA ?, Every project has some main attributes which have to be displayed in the project summary. This includes Name, key, components, versions.
What are issues types that are created and tracked via JIRA?, JIRA has some defined set of default issue types which are displayed under ‘Issue Type’ section. Other issue types can be added, edited and deleted as per requirement of the project. Some of the common issue types are Bug, Task, Sub-task, Epic, Story, etc.
How is a sub-task created in JIRA?, Sub-task is the way of splitting up of parent issue into a number of small tasks which are tracked and worked on separately.
Explain the term Cloning an issue in JIRA ?, Cloning an issue means copying an issue.
Explain Kanban boar in JIRA?, Kanban boards are created for the projects where the team has their prime focus on visualizing the workflow and managing the project’s work in progress.
Mention one similarity and one difference between JIRA Scrum and JIRA Kanban?, Both JIRA Scrum and Kanban is considered as the most powerful process tool for optimization of work and the processes as both processes focus is on continuous optimization and visualizing the workflow.  Scrum board is the work mode where progress of sprints and tracking of its work is done. Here the team determines the list of issues that has become backlog and then these issues are moved to sprints as per team plan.
What are the most useful JIRA add-ons?, Jenkins-CI, Usersnap, Slack, HipChat, GitHub, PagerDuty, Tempo Timesheets.
What comes under JIRA Schema?, Workflows, Issue types, Custom fields, Screens, Field configurations, Notifications, Permissions
How is security setting helpful in JIRA? Security setting for any issue is defined or say set either at the time of creation of the issue or while editing the issue.
A short note on JIRA reports?, JIRA withholds a classified list of reports to depict the project statistics to the user.
What is Jira Core, Mention its uses and who are Jira core project administrators?, It is an efficient workflow management system which allows formulating unique process. this utility allows to both increase and decreases the complexity of the workflows. this allows implying more importance on the process involved.
Can an Issue be assigned to two different people, Explain Cloning issue, then what are linked issues?, JIRA does not support assignation of the same issue under two different people at the same instance of time. this maintains the stability that one multiple developer can never be tagged to the same issue ever. But at several instances based on the intensity and volume of work the issue or bug may generate there could be a possibility of tagging more than one resources to the same issue. 
Adding Gadgets to JIRA dashboard?, Several gadgets can be added to JIRA personal dashboards. The JIRA admin is responsible for adding a gadget to a default dashboard of a JIRA application. 