What is SVN?, SVN or Subversion is an open source code control system. It is used to trace all the changes made to your source code or files.  It is a repository used to manage files, folders, directories and the modification made to these files over a period of time.
What is the difference between GIT and SVN repository?, The difference between SVN and GIT is, Git does not support “commits” across multiple branches or tags. Subversion allows the creation of folders at any location in the repository layout. Gits are unchangeable while subversion enables committers to treat a tag a branch and to create multiple revisions under a tag root. Git is less preferred for handling large files or frequently changing binary files while SVN is capable of handling multiple projects stored in the same repository. 
List out what all things should be stored in the SVN repository?, Source Code, Build scripts, Test data used by QA, DB schema, Project settings (When the whole team is using the same IDE), Project documentation (Internal and External), Minutes of meetings, significant e-mails, and info from the web, Expensively generated artifacts, And other documents related to the project.
What is the command to add a file or dir?, svn add filename and svn add dirname
List out the common subversion commands?, Import. Checkout. Commit. Update.
What is the difference between commit and update?, Update is used to update the local workspace with the changes made by the team to the repository, while commit is the process to implement changes from local to repository, in simple words, upload a file into the repository.
Explain how you can apply a patch in SVN?, To apply a patch in SVN, you are required to “Create Patch” by making changes and generating the .diff file.  Then this .diff file can be implemented to the new code base using “Apply Patch”.
What is the command to create a new directory under version control?, svn mkdir directory, svn mkdir http://url/directory.
How you can import your existing directory into the new repository?, The command you will use to import your existing directory into the new repository you have to write, svn import/home/mysurface/programming file:///home/mysurface/repo/programing_repo-m “initial import”.
What is the command to see what is inside the repository?, Command svn list file:///home/mysurface/repo/programming_repo is used to see what is inside the repository.
What is the command to view the difference between the local version and repository version?, The command used to view the difference between the local and repository version is, svn diff filename, svn diff dirname.
Mention what does the result codes G and R in svn indicates?, The result codes G and R in svn indicates , G code: Changes on the repo were automatically merged into the working copy, R code: This code indicates that the item has been replaced in your working copy. This means the file was programmed or scheduled for deletion, and a new file with the same name was scheduled for addition in its place.
Mention what is the function of Revert in subversion?,  “Revert” function will remove your local changes and reload the latest version from the repository. Explain how you can revert to a previous version?, To retrieve a previous version, you have to use “revert” command. But revert command will simply erase local edits, what you actually need is to “merge” command. For example, you have a file [abc.txt] and the current version is 101, and you want version 201. Then you will use the command like svn merge –r 101:201 abc.txt svn commit –m “Reverted to revision 201” abc.txt
Which commands can be used to move some subset of code and history of this code from one SVN repo to another?, Following commands can be used svnadmin dump svndumpfilter include svnadmin load svn remove.
List out what is the best practices for SVN?, Update and Test before commit Work from your own local workspace Commit small autonomous changes Validate the files you are committing, you actually changed Keep in touch with repository Watch for conflicts Always group your check-in logically Use comment
Explain what checkout command is and how to use the checkout command in SVN?, Check-Out command in SVN is used to create a local workable copy of your project retrieved from the local repository. For example, you have a project located in the repository created at URL location http://www.guru99.com/svn/myrepo/myproject.  So you have to checkout myproject into your local system assuming myrepo is a public repository. You will use code. svn co http://www.guru99.com/svn/myrepo/myproject . This command will copy all your files to your current directory. If you want checkout the directory which is in a private repository, you will then use the following command svn co http://www.guru99.com/svn/privaterepo/myproject –username admin –password admin. 
Explain the terminologies “trunk” “batch” and “tag”?, Trunk: it is a mainstream of development present in SVN repository created at the start and exists till the end of a project. Branch: it is copy derived from a trunk. It flows in direction of certain changes without disturbing other users. Multiple branches can be created each having its own path of code changes for different functionalities. Tag: display milestones in the repository history section, where major changes are done or points where code revision is done.
Why revert command is used in subversion?, Local Revert: it removes the changes done recently that are done after update command is run and before those changes are committed in a repository. Repo Revert: it removes changes done on a repository level.
How to check the content of a repository?, In SVN you can see the tree structure of all the directories, folders, files present under any given repository. There are subversion commands that help in this.
Is it possible to add a file directly in the repository ?, Yes, the same is possible and the users can go ahead with the command “svn add filename” and “svn add dirname”
Can you tell how in Subversion, how the command commit can be put separated from the command update?, When it comes to updating the local workspace, the command which is used often is Update. It reflects all the modifications made to the document by any member of the team. On the other side, the Commit make sure to implement properly the same modifications made to the data from present location to the repository. It can also be said that it simply upload the files and the documents in the repository without making the users to made any sort of efforts.
Why do you think there is a need to made changes to the files, documents or the source codes in businesses?, business management is itself a very vast term. There are tasks and decisions that are properly based on data and information. When it comes to executing them, businesses often test them in different manners. The reports are generated accordingly and the new outcomes achieved are often considered and is clubbed with the existing information. Thus, the changes to the documents, files and source code are frequent. In other words, any sort of changes are made because of no other reason but the betterment of the business.
In Subversion, is it possible for the users to apply a patch directly in a subsection without taking the entire document into consideration?, The same is possible and there are certain methods to keep up the pace for this. The users are always in a position to get the things done in the shortest possible time. On the best methods for this is to create a patch. This can be done with the help of “”.diff file” The same can then be considered in the new code base and the user are free to make use of the command “Apply Patch” for this.
Suppose you need to verify what exactly is present inside a repository, how you will do this?, Execute the following command for this. ".svn list file"
How the file from the svn repo can be erased?, .svn delete filename
By making use of a single command, can you list the entire COS in SVN?, Yes, there are some dedicated commands available for the same. One that you can execute is "Ct lsco-me".

