What is your Name
How can you help me
What are the code quality tools available
What are the devops tool available
where can i get the architecture of DevOps
Where india Located
How do I deploy my application to DEV/Test 
How to report my CDD issue 
I'm unable to create a user story in Agile Central 
My commits in Git doesn't trigger builds in Jenkins automatically 
My merge to the master branch is getting rejected 
You're not answering well
Can you grant me access to the application repo AABB 
I'm unable to connect to Git with SSH 
What's the nexus URL 
What's the latest version of commons-httpclient available 
What is SVN
What is the difference between GIT and SVN repository
List out what all things should be stored in the SVN repository
What is the command to add a file or dir
List out the common subversion commands
What is the difference between commit and update
Explain how you can apply a patch in SVN
What is the command to create a new directory under version control
How you can import your existing directory into the new repository
What is the command to see what is inside the repository
What is the command to view the difference between the local version and repository version
Mention what does the result codes G and R in svn indicates
Mention what is the function of Revert in subversion
Explain how you can revert to a previous version
Which commands can be used to move some subset of code and history of this code from one SVN repo to another
List out what is the best practices for SVN
Explain what checkout command is and how to use the checkout command in SVN
Explain the terminologies trunk batch and tag
Why revert command is used in subversion
How to check the content of a repository
Is it possible to add a file directly in the repository
Can you tell how in Subversion, how the command commit can be put separated from the command update
Why do you think there is a need to made changes to the files, documents or the source codes in businesses
In Subversion, is it possible for the users to apply a patch directly in a subsection without taking the entire document into consideration
Suppose you need to verify what exactly is present inside a repository, how you will do this
How the file from the svn repo can be erased
By making use of a single command, can you list the entire COS in SVN
Why is JIRA used
Explain JIRA workflow
Enlist the report types generated by JIRA
Explain the step by step procedure of how an issue is created in JIRA
Explain the three color indicators and their significance in JIRA
For any particular issue in JIRA, what all are included under change history
Mention a way with which an issue can be shared with other users in JIRA
What is the importance of labeling issue in JIRA
How is an issue linked in JIRA
What is the purpose of JIRA dashboard
What do you mean by Scheduling an issue in JIRA
Explain how particular project details are listed in JIRA
What are issues types that are created and tracked via JIRA
How is a sub-task created in JIRA
Explain the term Cloning an issue in JIRA
Explain Kanban boar in JIRA
Mention one similarity and one difference between JIRA Scrum and JIRA Kanban
What are the most useful JIRA add-ons
What comes under JIRA Schema
How is security setting helpful in JIRA
A short note on JIRA reports
What is Jira Core and its uses and who are Jira core project administrators
Can an Issue be assigned to two different people, Explain Cloning issue, then what are linked issues
Adding Gadgets to JIRA dashboard
What languages and platforms does your static scanner support?
What email notifications will I get from Veracode?
What is pre-scan verification?
I received an email saying there was an issue scanning my application. What should I do?
What is the difference between a Flaw and a Vulnerability?
What flaw categories do you look for?
Why do I upload my binaries to Veracode? Do you also need my source code?
Why should I use Veracode instead of a desktop source code analyzer?
Why do I need to package my java app as a war file?
How long will it take to get my results?
I only see the source file and line number where the issue exists. How can I tell where the attack is coming from?
I like the Veracode web interface, but I do all my work in my IDE. Can you show me the results there? I also would like to upload my application directly as part of my build script rather than visiting the Veracode UI.
Does the Veracode Eclipse Plugin work with other Eclipse-derived IDEs?
How do I check prescan results in the API?
How do I run an API scan if there are "unsupported frameworks" warnings in my prescan results?
How do I use the API to query tags in the Results API?
Why does Veracode use passwords for API integrations? I thought passwords were inherently insecure.
Why does my run history show updated records when I did not update any records, but only created records?
I modified my link to fix errors that occurred in previous synchronizations. Why do I see these same errors occurring again?
Why is the Search Links box in the link tree disabled?
Why can’t I access Synchronizer? I keep getting to a login page. 
Why can't I edit mapped requirement types in my synchronization link?
Synchronization failed due to unmapped users. What should I do? 
During synchronization I received an error: “Some of the mapped fields were deleted from ALM Octane.”
During synchronization I received an error: “Some of the fields used in the filter were deleted from ALM Octane.”
Why is ALM Octane Synchronizer failing to find a custom field that was OK in the past?
Why is the synchronization adding attachments named attachment.url to the ALM Octane entities?
Why am I not receiving emails after configuring Issue notifications?
What does my basic subscription include?
How long does Fortify take?
How can I know if Fortify is right for me? 
How do I get in touch with the Fortify team? 
How does Fortify ensure that my subscription is anonymous?
How do I speed up management inside EC2?
Can I get training on Ansible or find commercial support? 
Is there a web interface / REST API / etc?  
How do I submit a change to the documentation? 
What kind of environment do I need to run UrbanCode Velocity?
Do you have a sponsor user program? How can customers join?
What deployment tools does UrbanCode Velocity integrate with?
Can I use UrbanCode Deploy to automate the deployment of containers?
Is UrbanCode Deploy available as a software-as-a-service offering?
How does UrbanCode Deploy integrate with plug-ins?
How does UrbanCode Deploy handle complex application deployments?
For provisioning cloud images and deploying applications, how does the IBM UrbanCode Blueprint Designer work?
What safeguards are in UrbanCode Deploy that help ensure quality?
Does UrbanCode Deploy natively deploy applications to IBM z/OS ?
How do I discover, deploy and manage IBM WebSphere Application Server configurations?
How do I know who deployed what, and where and when it was deployed?
What is the difference between the UrbanCode Velocity Standard and Community editions?
Is UrbanCode Velocity a deployment automation tool?
How is UrbanCode Velocity installed?
How does UrbanCode Velocity help improve team performance?
What information is provided by the audit reports?
What is Kubernetes?
How is Kubernetes related to Docker?
What is Container Orchestration?
What is the need for Container Orchestration?
How does Kubernetes simplify containerized Deployment?
What do you know about clusters in Kubernetes?
What is Google Container Engine?
What is Heapster?
What is Minikube?
What is Kubectl?
What is Kubelet?
What are the different components of Kubernetes Architecture?
What do you understand by Kube-proxy?
Can you brief on the working of the master node in Kubernetes?
What is the role of kube-apiserver and kube-scheduler?
Can you brief about the Kubernetes controller manager?
What is ETCD?
What do you understand by load balancer in Kubernetes?
What is Ingress network
What do you understand by Cloud controller manager?
What is Container resource monitoring?
What is the difference between a replica set and replication controller?
What is a Headless Service?
What are federated clusters?
What are minions in Kubernetes cluster?
Kubernetes cluster data is stored in which of the following?
Which of them is a Kubernetes Controller?
Fortify is not compatible if you migrate to version > 9 (and use the new feature). Any update about that(feature release?)?
Does Fortify expect for me to run a whitelist scan on the randomly created file name
I'm getting the error stated MYSQL/JDBC issues Communication Link Failure (Fortify 19.1.0 SSC)
How can I crawl application using proxy to IE or Firefox with step mode.
My application does not allow concurrent logins. When I run a scan with WI I get error messages which i suspect is due to concurrent login attempts. Is there any way by which I enable WI to manage concurrent sessions in my application?
Is there a way to clear the SSC logs?
I have forgotten administrator SSC password, and the user has been blocked after 3 trials... how can I log in again into SSC? 
getting the error "WebInspect is not a valid scan database. Choose another database."
I installed 19.1.0 today, and it doesn't seem like it successfully installed the VS 2017 plugin. I cant figure out how to modify the installation to remove and reinstall the plugin. Is that possible, without uninstalling and reinstalling all of Fortify?
Unable to start hp webinspect trusted certificate web server
Can Fortify Scan mobile apps made with Xamarin?
Is it possible to view FPR results within Jenkins without uploading to SSC?
How to exclude files and folders when using Fortify with MSBuild
SSC change mysql fortify user password
how to sort reports in descending order?
Does Agile work for distributed teams?
What is the right size for stories?
Are Agile and DevOps same?
Do I need Admin privileges to install TortoiseSVN?
Do I need to install Subversion before I can use TortoiseSVN?
What is Fork a repo
What are the Supported browsers for GitHub
How to run ansible playbook?
What is ansible?
Is ansible a replacement for functional testing automation?
What is the runtime for ansible?
Does Ansible work for deployment of all application server types?
How can I set the PATH or any other environment variable for a task or entire playbook?
How do I handle different machines needing different user accounts or ports to log in with?
How do I get ansible to reuse connections
How do I configure a jump host to access servers that I have no direct access to?
How do I speed up management inside EC2?
How do I handle python pathing not having a Python 2.X in /usr/bin/python on a remote machine?
What is the best way to make content reusable/redistributable?
Where does the configuration file live and what can I configure in it?
How do I disable cowsay?
How do I see a list of all of the ansible_ variables?
How do I see all the inventory vars defined for my host?
How do I loop over a list of hosts in a group
How do I access a variable name programmatically?
How do I access a variable of the first host in a group?
How do I copy files recursively onto a target host?
How do I access shell environment variables?
How do I generate crypted passwords for the user module?
Can I get training on Ansible?
Is there a web interface / REST API / etc?
How do I submit a change to the documentation?
How do I keep secret data in my playbook?
When should I use {{ }}? Also
Why don’t you ship in X format?
What is HP ALM (Quality Center) used for? Or What are the benefits and features of Quality Center?
What is the difference between TestDirector andQualityCenter?
What is the difference betweenQualityCenterand Bugzilla?
What is the Purpose of Creating Child Requirement in TD /QC?
What is Test Lab
What is meant by Instance
Is it possible to maintain test data in Quality Center
How to ensure that there is no duplication of bugs in Quality Center
What will be the status in Quality Center if you give "Suggestion" to the Developer
How will you generate the defect ID in Quality Center
Is 'Not covered' and 'Not run' status the same
How to import test cases from Excel / Word to Quality Center
Can we export the file from Quality Centre to Excel / Word. If yes then how
What is Business Component
How can we save the tests Executed in test lab
How to export test cases from QTP into QC
How to use QTP as an automation tool in Quality Center
How to switch between two projects in Quality Center
What is the main purpose to storing requirement in Quality Center?
What is Coverage status, what does it do
how you can customize the defect management cycle in Quality Center
what is Test Lab module in Quality Center
what is Sprinter in HP-Alm
how one can map a single defect to more than one test script
what is ALM workflow
Can I control service startup order
Can I use json instead of yaml for my Compose file
What is Docker.app
What is HyperKit
What is the benefit of HyperKit
How much does Docker cost
Does Docker run on Mac OS X or Windows
What is a Docker image
What is Docker container
What is the difference between the COPY and ADD commands in a Dockerfile
How to force Docker for a clean build of an image
How can I expose more than 1 port with Docker
How to view docker daemon when OS is using systemd
What is Docker Swarm
What command should you run to see all running container in Docker
What is the command to stop the docker container
What is the command to run the image as a container
What are the common instruction in Dockerfile
Where the docker volumes are stored
How does communication happen between Docker client and Docker Daemon
What is the command you need to give to push the new image to Docker registry
How can you run multiple containers using a single service
What are the three components of Docker Architecture
What is the purpose of Docker_Host
How do I change my last commit message in Git
How do I commit a file
How do I create a branch
How do I push my changes
How do I completely reset my local repository
How do I remove all untracked files
How do I undo git add
What is origin
What is difference between master & HEAD
What's the difference between fetch and pull
Does Git convert encodings of file names
Does Git convert encodings of comments and committer names or file content
Does Git track all file data and metadata
How do I untrack a file
How can I add a diff of the commit into the commit message window
How to create the first project
How do I obtain a list of files which have changed in a given commit
Which is smarter Git protocol  SSH:// or Git://
How do I rename the current Git branch
How to rename a branch while I'm in another branch
How to undo git add before commit
What is the difference between 'git pull' and 'git fetch'
How to amend the most recent commit message
How do I force “git pull” to overwrite local files
How can I add an empty directory to a Git repository
